Hi, this is a screencast for ERTS project - Greenhouse Temperature Regulation. Our team name is Proxymorons and team code is TH-1.
The team members are Aditya Bhandari, Akshay Gaikwad, Kanishk Parihar and myself Sameer Kumar Agrawal.

I will first discuss the software setup for our project on Windows 7 or 8.
The first is Keil uvision4. This is the IDE to be used for building the target file for FB5 ARM. To install just run the setup file.
Next is python-2.7.6. This is used to setup the web server for taking inputs from the user.
Next is pyserial-2.7.win32. This is used for serial communication. It communicates the inputs from the python server to FB5 using XBEE Modules.
The last one is X-CTU. It will be used to configure your XBEE modules.
Just run all the setup files and install them.

Now first configure your XBEE modules using X-CTU.
Attach 1st XBEE to your PC using XBEE USB Module and 2nd XBEE to a different PC and then open X-CTU on both PCs.
Here you see which COM Port is being used by XBEE.
Now under Modem Configuration, click on Read. You will see the XBEE details.
Make sure the following things:
	1)Pan ID is same on both the XBEEs. If not edit them and make them identical.
	2)Also, make one's destination address equal to the other's serial number and the other's destination address to its serial number.
Under terminal tab, type anything and you can see them being received at the other terminal.
Now close COM Port and mount the 2nd XBEE to your FB5. Your XBEE Communications setup are now done.
 
Now lets look at the actual code. This is the zipped file you may have received.
It has two foldes, one for the FB5 bot and other for the PC.
To setup the FB5 code. Just open this project file in uvision. Press F7 to build the target file. Copy this Binary file to the FB5 bot.

Lets setup the web server for user interface which will provide temperature parameters to the bot.
Make sure that one XBEE is connected to your PC and the other to FB5. Make note of the COM Port being used bu your PC.
Now open this server file. See this number. Its related to the COM Port number being used by your XBEE.
If the COM Port as seen in X-CTU is 'Z', you will write 'Z-1' here.

Now press F5 and you will see the server starting and this webpage will be opened. Now your web server has been setup.
You can try accessing this webpage from some different PC using your ip address. Use this interface to give the temperature parameters to the bot.

Everything is setup and you are good to go.

Thank You


